Hello everyone and welcome to coding a trivia question number three.
So for this question and this is a very popular question for whatever reason and coding interviews is
that you're given an array of historical stock prices per day.
So for example simple release prices number or prices dollar six dollars on the first thing.
Secondly is $13 third dates $2 $10 $3 $5 et cetera.
Your job is to write an algorithm or a program that figures out what days that is the index of the survey.
You could buy and sell the stock for maximum profit.
Now you're only allowed to buy the stock once and sell at once.
And then also you can't short the stock.
That is you always have to buy the stock before selling the stock.
So let's walk through an example of this with the example array of stock prices we just posted earlier
silts take a look at that array of prices go 6:13 to 23:5.
So what was your algorithm actually do.
Well it's going to go along this array of stock prices and it's going to figure out that if you can
only buy once and sell once then you can make the most profit by buying on day three at a price of $2
and then selling on day four at a price of $10 and getting you an eight dollar gain.
There's no other larger profit to be made regardless of what you buy and what you sell on.
Now here's a hint you should actually be able to solve this problem by only going through the array
once.
It's easy to do it naively by basically just checking every possible combination of selling and buying
but you should be able to do it just by going for the beginning the re checking all the numbers down
to the end of the array and doing some sort of clever programming.
OK thanks everyone and I'll see you at the solutions lecture.